
poc.c add mp3 path first check our db schema, then check how we parse in /home/free2/code/4-qua-audio-suites/qua-info/parse_mp3.h /home/free2/code/4-qua-audio-suites/qua-info/parse_mp3.c

handle empty fields, no track , leave as blank and title becomes file name base name of the file in path, artist becomes __

in our grouping i dont know if its possible to sort by aritst first in abc, but the date / year is newest first. skip if this is convlulted.

cusor highlight should be terminal green instead of magenta its not very visible right now. 

jump function, currently have the a key that goes to album, but we can also jump to gr for jump , we should also support other fp for filtering only the path if user wants something specfic, fa or filtering by album? s to stop, clicking escape shouldnt quit the program only q should quit the program

---
this might be a lot of to implement above. maybe we just let the right click onn the info panel, on artist , album or AlbumArt, we let them jump to their respective fiels there, and also genre? maybe even the path and subpath? like they can jump a few folders up? this is kinda interesting right?

maybe page up and down should let them jump to first item of the previous and next grouping?



add dash between date and the album in the groupinng bar

right clicking on the album grouping should jump to the album or something.
is it possible to maintain correct cursor positing during an album jump?


bug sometimes there are some random character flying off to where they should not be, maybe its because are doing the math wrong? but i am mostly seeing this on japanese text onces

bug in ui, when the cursor is on the very top, the grouping gets pushed off, we can never see its grouping again. in general if we are in a long album, the grouping easily get pushed off, i think we should handle those cases and kinda of float the grouping over our data row, qmmp has such a behavior but you shouldnt check its code base since its large.

symlink back end, the entire visible playlist should be symlinked to a place in a folder in /temp/qu-tui/ (which ever is most likely in ram) , this way when we call qua-play-this, it doesnt do it by folder, but it does it by THAT folder which represents our playlist. this is useful because qua-play-this talks to my daemon which "finds" the next file in the same folder in this manner we emulate a new "folder" or do you have a better suggestion? let me dwell on this.


maybe we should highlight the grouping in which we are under
